Link the cheatsheet to the blog post (#3255)
conan-io/docs: knowledge/cheatsheet.rst

concepts which users can print out and use as a handy reference. It is available
as both a PDF and PNG.

.. tip::

  There is a `blog post <https://blog.conan.io/2023/06/07/New-Cheat-Sheet-For-Conan-2.html>`_ 

>   which goes of changes from Conan 1.x and 2.0 as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  which goes over the changes from Conan 1.x and 2.0 as well.
```
